Added an additional error messages (#172)
ModellingWebLab/chaste-codegen: RELEASE.md

# Release 0.5.3

> - Added an additional error messages if cellml files can't be loaded and a warning if a lookup table is specified for a tag not present in the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added friendlier error messages if CellML files can't be loaded, and a warning if a lookup table is specified for a tag not present in the model.
```
